# CS-230-Project-Software-Design-Template-ConnorCamire-

Assignment for CS 230 SNHU:
This project design template was requested by The Gaming Room. They expressed an interest in a cross platform extension for their web game Draw it or Lose It. The template explains what must be done in order to achieve the goal of creating a reusable and expandable code base that allows different versions of the application to synchronize.
	Something necessary to consider that I achieved in this assignment. Is keeping terminology simple enough so non tech literate customers can understand. This can be done by either explaining a topic when it first appears. Or giving an explanation on why something is needed or recommended for this game’s cross platform architecture.
	Something I found helpful from this project. Is Breaking down a project into its requirements and design constraints. Listing all of the project needs out can help you get past the dreaded step 0 in the planning phase. Listing out the constraints will help create conversation about these issues. Potentially leading to ideas for solutions.
 If I was to revisit this assignment. I would like to add more details to development requirement evaluation for each OS and their compatibility for servers. If I went back now I would give more information than just Linux is recommended for servers. Instead focusing on information like Linux’s ability to use swap space protecting the server from going down in the case of its ram filling up. By instead moving any data overflow temporarily to the server's SSD.
Through a user’s story you can gain information on what is expected or needed for the project. Take the information from a user’s story and break them down into requirements and constraints.
My design for this software was started by first, Making a list of all of the goals that I needed to complete in order to meet the company's standards (requirements). Then I would try and brainstorm possible issues that could arise when achieving these goals (constraints). If I could I would then spend time thinking of potential solutions or a work around that keeps within my requirements. I would then also near the beginning of the project consider things such as which operating system it would be developed on. And what kinds of tools/software I would need in order to complete this project. Once all of this is completed I can start working on the project properly.
